Incoming livestream: Hi everyone, I'm Rowie. We're a bit of a late start, but we'll start now.
Incoming livestream: So welcome to my talk. It's a 20-minute session about agent reconnaissance.
Incoming livestream: What it actually means, and how we were able to find
Incoming livestream: Thousands of agents, and mapped down their capabilities.
Incoming livestream: Let's start to dive in.
Incoming livestream: We'll overview different platforms in this talk. One of them Would it be, microsoft Compiler Studio.
Incoming livestream: We'll also overview Agent Builder by OpenAI, Custom GPT by OpenAI,
Incoming livestream: and various AI middlewares, LLM runtimes, and model context protocol servers that we found… we found using open source intelligence.
Incoming livestream: And what we found… Was kind of amazing.
Incoming livestream: We found tens of thousands of agents just out there in the web. Out of them, thousands were unauthenticated. You could just get in and,
Incoming livestream: See what kind of information they have out there.
Incoming livestream: And we've actually seen some incredible stuff, like sensitive documents just out in the open.
Incoming livestream: Or even a business story with really high impact.
Incoming livestream: Those things are extremely risky.
Incoming livestream: So, let's talk a little bit more about what agendic recon actually means.
Incoming livestream: And white matters.
Incoming livestream: Well, to start this conversation, we need to understand that an agent is still an application.
Incoming livestream: Sure, it's connected to an LLM, it has tools.
Incoming livestream: But it's still a traditional application, and like every application, it has breadcrumbs, it has discoverable resources, it has endpoints, API, it can be embedded inside iframe.
Incoming livestream: And so, in the same way an application is discoverable.
Incoming livestream: Agents are also discoverable through the web. It's a subset of web discovery.
Incoming livestream: The second important thing is… That agents are highly integrated in the enterprise.
Incoming livestream: A lot of agents have credentials embedded in them.
Incoming livestream: connected to different enterprise data sources. They can sometimes change, data inside the enterprise. So, in a way, agents are a gateway to your enterprise.
Incoming livestream: And that makes them extremely risky.
Incoming livestream: And so… When we talk about discovery, Attackers make use of a… of different issues.
Incoming livestream: Most of them are listed here.
Incoming livestream: They make use of common design patterns that are used when creating resources that expose your exposure. They make use of out-of-the-box config because it decreases the self-space, and we're gonna talk about it.
Incoming livestream: They make use of, platform security gaps.
Incoming livestream: Some platforms have known issues.
Incoming livestream: And as we all know, prompt injection, for instance.
Incoming livestream: Not really a solvable problem as of now.
Incoming livestream: And another thing, and this has been trained security for decades now, security by obscurity doesn't really work.
Incoming livestream: So let's start and overview the different platforms.
Incoming livestream: We start by Copilot Studio. Now, when you create a Copilot Studio resource, you're basically creating a website with an agent embedded in there, connected to your enterprise resources, and embedded inside a chat, like you see over here.
Incoming livestream: But under the hood, a URL is actually created. And this URL comprises of various components, some of them have iantropy, others have…
Incoming livestream: more… pretty… more predictable, and let's just go over them one by one. And we'll start with the purple one that you see over here.
Incoming livestream: That's the environment.
Incoming livestream: Now, an environment is essentially a container for your tenant's enterprise resources, and every tenant is created with a default environment.
Incoming livestream: And like you can see over here, the default environment is
Incoming livestream: Always create it with the prefix default, followed by the tenant ID.
Incoming livestream: How do we get this tenant ID? Well… Turns out, AD internal
Incoming livestream: conducted the research, and they found an undocumented Microsoft API that, by giving it the domain, you can fetch back the talent ID.
Incoming livestream: So that's how we can resolve The environment variable.
Incoming livestream: Now, what about this one? This is called the solution prefix. A solution prefix is actually created to create… to achieve uniqueness in the agents that you create inside your environment.
Incoming livestream: This solution prefix is essentially an alphanumeric string between the, length of 5 and 8 alphanometic characters, so it has pretty high entropy.
Incoming livestream: However, like I said earlier, most people use the defaults.
Incoming livestream: And we found that the default, the cell space is kind of small.
Incoming livestream: It comprises of the CR prefix, followed by 2 to 3 alphanumeric strings.
Incoming livestream: So… It can be fast.
Incoming livestream: But here's the thing.
Incoming livestream: It's not the only thing that you need to… that you need to find, because it's also connected to
Incoming livestream: An agent.
Incoming livestream: So, we have to find, like, a solution prefix along with an agent.
Incoming livestream: Well, turns out, a lot of environments are created with some default bots.
Incoming livestream: that are pretty much common, Copilot 1, Copilot 2, 1, 2, 3, Test, AI, AI bot, and by finding just one of these, along with the fuzzing that we did earlier, you can find a solution for a fix.
Incoming livestream: Once you've found the solution prefix.
Incoming livestream: You can basically enumerate and find different agents in this environment.
Incoming livestream: And… Again, this is something every developer would do.
Incoming livestream: Mix and match by Atlassian, database, dashboards, samples, integration, tests, dev, prod.
Incoming livestream: Obviously, it depends on the industry.
Incoming livestream: But it's pretty easy to fuzz, and using that approach, we were able to find
Incoming livestream: Tens of thousands of those agents.
Incoming livestream: Taking it a step further, we also took leverage of,
Incoming livestream: Power Platform API, and we were also able to figure out whether those agents require authentication or not.
Incoming livestream: And like you can see over here, You can also extend it.
Incoming livestream: By using subdomain enumeration, and expand the number of agents that you can find even more.
Incoming livestream: And that's just… that's…
Incoming livestream: Just so you'd understand how much of a problem that is, AAD Internal actually had a website that, by giving it a domain, you could have fetched back the tenant ID, and they had to turn it down because it was actually abused.
Incoming livestream: Now let's move to the next slot form.
Incoming livestream: Now we're gonna talk about Agent Builder by OpenAI. Agent Builder works in the same way that Copilot Studio works, but the only difference is that the developer is in charge of the deployment.
Incoming livestream: And that's exactly how it can create an attack surface, because…
Incoming livestream: OpenAI recommends a bunch of, Gita Rebo Starter Kits.
Incoming livestream: that have well-known names, so much that with the fact that most agents are also deployed using Vercel and Render.
Incoming livestream: And the cell space of the different addresses of the agents is pretty limited. Add that to the fact that
Incoming livestream: Some of them also contain the branch name, and you'll reduce the search space even more.
Incoming livestream: To check if an agent exists, you basically need to call createSession, receive the client secret.
Incoming livestream: Check if it was valid or not, and if it was, you've got an agent out there.
Incoming livestream: And as you can see over here,
Incoming livestream: We were able to witness some of these agents, and some of them had think are…
Incoming livestream: Screen is a problem.
Incoming livestream: But essentially, we were able to see that,
Incoming livestream: Those agents might actually contain some confidential information that was not supposed to be there.
Incoming livestream: Next, we're gonna overview custom GPTs.
Incoming livestream: Custom GPT is… A way for, enterprises to connect to, different,
Incoming livestream: different GPTs with different capabilities, but the problem is that,
Incoming livestream: It's by design, but everyone can see it. And by that, you also look at your attack surface. So, whenever you look at a different custom GPT, you can see the…
Incoming livestream: different capabilities that it has from the default tools. In this case, you can see that it has Python, browser, and DALI.
Incoming livestream: But it can also contain custom connectors, such as this one, that,
Incoming livestream: historical GMLs. Now, again, this is by design, it's by no means… Traditional recon.
Incoming livestream: It gives an attacker a lot of information, and you need to be aware of that.
Incoming livestream: Next, we, overviewed, using open source intelligence, a bunch of AI metallics. And by that, I mean LLM runtimes, AI Gateway, model context protocol servers, and we used various methods for that.
Incoming livestream: So… If you look at Shodan, For instance.
Incoming livestream: Is this the right one? Yeah, okay. If you look at Sharon, for instance, and you look for the well-defined MCP session ID, you will be able to find hundreds of thousands of just open MCP servers. Some of them are authenticated, some of them are not, but they're just out there in the open.
Incoming livestream: Another thing we were able to find was using an HTML hash.
Incoming livestream: And we literally found, an opened Copilot API, Got its swagger.
Incoming livestream: And it had an exposed endpoint of purgeVectorDB.
Incoming livestream: Now, I don't really know what they have in this VectorDB, but it shouldn't be public.
Incoming livestream: Another interesting resource, Instant Giesel says, of MCPA registries. MCPA registries contain a lot of information. They contain the backend URL, they contain different tools that MCP are… that are available in the MCPs in the JSON file, and
Incoming livestream: Again.
Incoming livestream: gives information about your services. This can be dangerous.
Incoming livestream: Now, this is actually very interesting,
Incoming livestream: Backlinks can also be used for that.
Incoming livestream: As you can see in this example, in Copilot Studio, for example, you can embed,
Incoming livestream: co-pilot or an agent inside an iframe. Now, once you do that, you essentially created a backlink for your agent.
Incoming livestream: So we used backlink search tools to search for copilotstudio.microsoft.com, and that alone showed us 2,500 open agents in the web.
Incoming livestream: And like I said earlier, some of them were just unauthenticated.
Incoming livestream: Same thing with, Amazon agents.
Incoming livestream: Just out there in the open.
Incoming livestream: Now, some notable challenges that we had when, when we did this exercise, we had some issues with rate limiting that we solved, some issues with headless browser fingerprinting, and, like.
Incoming livestream: I described earlier, we also had to reduce the search space for some of the solution prefixes.
Incoming livestream: If you're interested to learn more,
Incoming livestream: I can talk about… I can talk about that for the session, but it's also important to note that we have an open source tool called PowerPoint, and you can see the committee story over there.
Incoming livestream: All out in the open.
Incoming livestream: Now, up until now, we talked about discovery of agents, but why does it actually matter? Like, what's the impact?
Incoming livestream: you're gonna say, okay, Roy, we have guardrails, why do we care? Well, you do care, because…
Incoming livestream: First of all, attackers can steal.
Incoming livestream: Keep on probing your agents, and understand what kind of information it has, what's the knowledge source of it.
Incoming livestream: Sometimes it's kind of easy, you just need to ask for it. Sometimes it has guardrails, sometimes it doesn't have guardrails, and attacks can also probe for the different tools that exist in your system. That is extremely risky.
Incoming livestream: As you can see in this example, to fetch the tools, we just have to ask for it, and…
Incoming livestream: Add a little bit more beef to…
Incoming livestream: Basically confused the different activations for the… of the guardrails.
Incoming livestream: It's not walletproof, and that's why your agents shouldn't be public.
Incoming livestream: Unless intended to.
Incoming livestream: Now…
Incoming livestream: To help you with that, we created PowerPoint. PowerPoint is an open-source tool that helps you assess the posture of your agents and identify whether they're public or not.
Incoming livestream: And it basically entails all of the information that I just showcased in this presentation, and will go over the different models that it has.
Incoming livestream: So the first one is Copilot Studio Hunter.
Incoming livestream: And, like we… like I showcased earlier, you just give it the domain name of the given,
Incoming livestream: of the given organization, it will find your tenant ID,
Incoming livestream: Eventually, we'll find the solution prefix, and once it does that, it will iterate through different agents in this environment one by one. And if they're public, it will also list out the different capabilities.
Incoming livestream: Another model that we have is Agent Builder Hunter. Agent Builder Hunter receives a list of words.
Incoming livestream: Basically, our name of the agent, and…
Incoming livestream: Tries to identify whether it's public or not, and if it has any exposed endpoints.
Incoming livestream: You can see over here, it actually found some.
Incoming livestream: And… fund.
Incoming livestream: exposed MCP tools.
Incoming livestream: Another model is Custom GPTunter, we're given a search term.
Incoming livestream: Showcases a different, different custom GPTs, along with the capabilities, whether if they're default or custom.
Incoming livestream: And last but not least, LLM Hound, where, given a search term that you're looking for, the name of your middleware, it will find AI middlewares that, again, are just out there in the open. You can use various.
Incoming livestream: Okay.
Incoming livestream: Hello! This talk is called, Your Agent Works For Me. It's gonna be, hopefully, interesting and entertaining as well.
Incoming livestream: I just want to get started right away with, some source code. So we have a Go program here, it's a data structure, customer data structure.
Incoming livestream: And, there's some code to add a customer, delete a customer, right? But one thing is missing. There's no edit customer function.